Combat  - Measures your deadliness with blade and bow.
          Each level grants +1 damage and +1% to hit with all
          weapons.

Defense - Measures your ability to avoid physical harm.
          Each level grants +1 to armor class.

Magic   - Measures your ability to cast spells.
          Each level grants another spell and makes casting less
          likely to fail.

Spirit  - Measures your willpower and ability to make use of
          your emotions, whether devotion or rage.
          Each level increases your resistance to magic damage
          and effects(at rank 10, 5 fewer damage & 50% effect).

Stealth - Measures your ability to avoid notice.
          Each level increases your chance to remain unseen by
          enemies.


Combat feats:

Quick draw - Instantly swap between weapons. (2 points, passive)

Lethality - Increases your chance to score a critical hit by 10%
            plus an additional 5% for each 20% health that the
            target is missing. (3 points, passive)

Lunge - Leap from one space away to deal extra damage.
        (3 points, active)

Drive back - Enemies must yield ground in order to avoid your
             attacks. (2 points, toggle)


Defense feats:

Silent chainmail - Removes chainmail's stealth penalty.
                   (2 points, passive)

Armored mage - Cast spells with no penalty from your armor.
               (3 points, passive)

Full defense - Stand still to ready yourself for attack. Enemies
               that try to hit you might hit other adjacent
               enemies. (4 points, passive)

Tumble - Move up to 2 spaces while avoiding arrows. (Also useful
         for slipping behind enemies and putting out fires.)
         (3 points, active)


Magic feats:

Master's edge - Spells you've mastered deal extra damage.
                (5 points, passive)

Student's luck - Casting a spell of higher level than your Magic
                 skill will now only drain your magic half the
                 time. (3 points, passive)

Arcane healing - Drain your magic reserves to heal some of your
                 wounds. (3 points, active)

Force of will - Drain your magic reserves to flawlessly cast a
                spell. (Draining your magic reserves still
                decreases your chance of success, but nothing
                else does. If you have skill in Spirit, your
                chances are increased. ) (3 points, active)


Spirit feats:

Conviction - Each turn you're engaged in combat, you gain bonus
             Spirit, and bonus Combat skill equal to half that.
             (3 points, passive)

Enduring soul - Improves the amount by which your natural
                recovery can heal you. (4 points, passive)

Feel no pain - When your health is very low, you briefly enter a
               state of invulnerability. (3 points, passive)

Boiling blood - Taking damage briefly increases your speed.
                (2 points, passive)


Stealth feats:
Distract - You attempt to misdirect an unaware enemy, causing it
           to investigate the source of the sound.
           (2 points, passive)

Disarm trap - Attempt to disable a trap without setting it
              off. (If you have skill in Defense, you're more
              likely to avoid damage.) (3 points, active)

Neck snap - Perform a stealth kill on a medium humanoid.
            (5 points, passive)

Danger sense - You see where it's safe and where enemies might
               detect you, if you extinguish your light sources.
               (2 points, toggle)
