Potions:

Potion of healing - This invaluable elixir will instantly
  restore you to full health.

Potion of regeneration - The potent healing magic in this
  potion will steadily grant you health for 100 turns.

Potion of stoneform - This potion will change you temporarily
  to unliving stone. You'll no longer be able to catch fire,
  and no toxin or potion will affect you.

Potion of vampirism - Consuming this potion will grant many of
  the powers of a true vampire. You'll fly and drain life from
  living enemies, but light will leave you vulnerable.

Potion of brutish strength - Drinking this potion grants the
  strength of a juggernaut. For a short time you'll be able to
  smash through various dungeon features. Additionally, you'll
  still move after making an attack, which will deal maximum
  damage and knock foes back 5 spaces.

Potion of roots - Drinking this potion will cause thick roots
  to grow from you, holding you tightly to the ground and
  providing defense against attacks.

Potion of vigor - This potion will relieve your exhaustion and
  temporarily double your movement speed.

Potion of silence - This potion will cause you to radiate an
  aura of silence, preventing all sounds within 2 spaces. This
  is beneficial for stealth, but leaves you unable to speak
  words of magic.

Potion of cloaking - This potion will cause you to fade to
  invisibility while in the shadows.



Scrolls:

Scroll of blinking - This scroll will teleport you a short
  distance randomly.

Scroll of passage - This scroll will move you to the other side
  of an adjacent wall (but not diagonally).

Scroll of time - Reading this scroll will halt the flow of time
  for a single turn, allowing you to take an extra action.

Scroll of detect monsters - This scroll reveals the location of
  foes on the current dungeon level for a while.

Scroll of magic map - This scroll will show you the layout of
  the current level, including secret doors and traps.

Scroll of sunlight - This scroll fills the level with sunlight,
  illuminating every corner of the dungeon.

Scroll of darkness - This scroll covers the dungeon in a
  blanket of darkness that suppresses all light.

Scroll of repair - This scroll's power will strip negative
  effects from your weapons & armor, and will remove any slime
  or oil covering you.

Scroll of calling - This scroll's magic will find the nearest
  foe and transport it next to you. Immobile creatures are
  immune to this effect.

Scroll of trap clearing - This scroll will cause all traps
  within 12 spaces to be triggered simultaneously.

Scroll of enchantment - This potent scroll will impart a
  permanent magical effect on the weapon you're holding.



Orbs:

Orb of freezing - Breaking this orb will encase nearby entities
  in ice.

Orb of flames - Leaping flames will pour from this orb when it
  shatters.

Orb of fog - Thick fog will expand from this orb when it
  breaks, blocking sight and reducing accuracy.

Orb of detonation - On impact, this orb will explode violently,
  inflicting great damage on its surroundings.

Orb of breaching - This orb will temporarily lower nearby
  walls, which will slowly return to their original state.

Orb of shielding - This orb will create a zone of protection,
  shielding entities within for several turns.

Orb of teleportal - Releasing this orb's energy will create an
  unstable rift. Creatures stepping into the rift will be
  transported elsewhere in the dungeon.

Orb of pain - Anything caught in this orb's area of effect will
  become vulnerable to extra damage.

